Back to [Fan](https://fanwangecon.github.io)'s
[Dynamic Assets Repository](https://fanwangecon.github.io/CodeDynaAsset/) Table of Content.

# Clone and Add to Path

Functions are written with default parameters and are directly callable:

1. clone/download the project, see [here](/gitsetup.md) for github pull instructions.
2. browse to folder in matlab, for example *C:/Users/fan/CodeDynaAsset*, then run [preamble.m](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/CodeDynaAsset/blob/master/preamble.m) in the root directory to add folders and subfolders to path
3. browse to any m file, click run

# Folder Structures

## Folders:
- *m_*: folders starting with *m_* include files for different models. Names correspond to model names below. The *m_akz* folder contains codes for the *bkz*, *wkz* and *iwkz* models. Letters *a* and *b* are used interchangeably. On the webpage, models are called *bz* and *bkz*, these models are *az* and *akz* for folders and function names.
- *tools*: tools folder contains some shared tools across models

## Subfolders
- *paramfunc*: subfolders named *paramfunc* include support files generate parameters, grids, etc.
- *solve*: subfolders named *solve* include main model solution files
- *solvepost*: subfolders named *solvepost* include tabular, graphical and storage codes
- *test*: subfolders named *test* test model features by adjusting parameters

## Subsubfolders
- *html*: generated by matlab publish running files in each folder
- *img*: storing model images
- *mat*: storing workspace
- *profile*: generate by matlab profiling
